# sprint-review-and-retrospective

1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
in general interpreting user needs invovles using various interviews surveys and even focusa groups to help gather what needs users want and prefer. moreover its important to understand whats issues users have that need to be
fixed not just features they want. This is important for user stories because it helps development teams understand where the user or customer is coming from and gives them a first person perspective on exactly what they want.

2. How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
when approaching program development i belive its important to focus on the problem and understand exaclkty what that is before prerparing the solution. After that has been done developing small pieces through sprints and using daily scrums and kanban board are great agile proccesses to use. Furthermore continuous testing and iteration are also important for program development because make the team transparent and even collaborative as the project grows so does the flexibility between team members. Laslty is the release and retrospective teams that develop programs have a duty to maintain that code and constantly update and iterate the program for its lifecycle. This is important because there are always improvements that can be made with that being said the sprint retrospective is a great tool to understand what went well and what didnt during the project this can help the team and company grow as a whole when they move on to the next project.

3.What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member is so imporant when working in a scrum environment due to the contstant need for collaboration transparency and communication it requires to maintain its principles. Not only that but being flexible and coachable you have to learn new things in this environment or the project wont be where it needs too this means stepping outside of your comfort zone constantly but in a good way. Lastly is understand where you are going and having futuresight when it comes to the teams wellbeing and the development of the project i know thats kind of the scrum masters job but in actuality the entire teams needs to reflect those qualitys so everyone can be aligned in this process.
